docs: update pull request template (#5267)
DimensionDev/Maskbook: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

Closes # (issue)

## Type of change

<!-- Please delete options that are not relevant. -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Previews

<!-- Please paste screenshots to reveal changes in this PR. -->

## For reviewers

- [ ] This PR changes the dependencies of the project.
- [ ] This PR depends on external API.
  - [ ] Have moved APIs into backgroud.
  - [ ] Have configured CORS headers on those APIs.

> 

Reviewer: add for QA

## Description

<!-- Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context. List any dependencies that are required for this change. -->

Closes # (NO_ISSUE)

## Type of change

> <!-- Please delete options that are not relevant. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Please remove options that are not relevant. -->
```

- [ ] Documentation

> - [ ] Code refactoring (Restructuring existing code w/o changing its external behavior)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Code refactoring (Restructuring existing code w/o changing its observable behavior)
```

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)

> - [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Breaking change (a fix or feature that would make something no longer possible to do/require old user must upgrade their Mask Network to this new version)
```

## Previews

> <!-- Please paste screenshots to reveal changes in this PR. -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- Please attach screenshots if there are any visual changes. -->
```

## Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project.
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code.
- [ ] I have commented on my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas.

> - [ ] My changes generate no new CI warnings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

A PR that fails the CI cannot be merged so no need to point out that.

> - [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules.

Reviewer 2: I cannot understand this one. Can you explain?

Author: Removed.

> - [ ] I have checked my code and corrected any misspellings. (Not a spelling mistake? Add the word into `cspell.json`.)

Reviewer 2: A PR that fails the CI in spell checker cannot be merged so no need to point out that. You can leave the `cspell.json` part.

Author: Removed.

> - [ ] I've read [Internationalization Guide](https://github.com/DimensionDev/Maskbook/blob/develop/docs/i18n-guide.md) and moved text fields to the i18n JSON file.

Reviewer 3: Should we mark them as checked by default? That would be convenient for most of us.

Author: I'm afraid that contributors will ignore them if this list is checked by default.

Author: I think it's on-demand. If a pull request didn't touch any code, it can just leave those checkboxes to uncheck.

Reviewer 3: OK.

- [ ] I've read [Internationalization Guide](https://github.com/DimensionDev/Maskbook/blob/develop/docs/i18n-guide.md) and moved text fields to the i18n JSON file.

## Questions from reviewers

### If this PR changes the dependencies of the project. What kind of change does it have?

> - [ ] Add a new package as dependence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Add a new package as a dependency.
```

> - [ ] Upgrade the version of a dependent package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Change the version of a currently using dependency.
```

### If this PR depends on external APIs, please do the following steps:

> - [ ] Make sure those APIs have configured CORS headers to let extension requests get passed. If you don't have permission to modify the server, please let us know it.

Reviewer 2: Actually, I suggest requesting the permission by `requestExtensionPermission` so there is no need to workaround with CORS. (but IDK if it works on iOS)

Author: That's annoying. Before we do that, configuring CORS headers on the server side is a better choice.

Author: Removed.

>   - firefox extension: `moz-extension://[id]`

Reviewer 2: Not the case. Firefox does not have a stable ID.

Author: Here to point out, there is a thing called `id`.

  - chrome extension: `chrome-extension://[id]`

> - [ ] Move all request methods to a background service, call them with the internal RPC bridge.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Delegate all web requests to the background service via the internal RPC bridge.
```
